What started as an exciting job five years ago has become rather dull and
routine. The afternoons drag on while you sit in front of your computer and
the wan afternoon sun, half the intensity of sun on earth, still causes the
familiar drowsiness. On top of that, the programming tasks that the new
director, Henshaw, has been giving you are incredibly boring.

Your incoming email icon flashes which probably means that Henshaw has yet
another uninspired task for you. Reluctantly you open the email and then sit
right up. It isn't from Henshaw, it's from Goliss. You haven't heard from her
in quite a while. Since her demotion to assistant manager and move to Survivor
she has kept pretty distance. But still, it's good to hear from her.

The email message is short: "Give me a call in ten minutes. From somewhere
private. G."

Hmm. This sounds interesting and intriguing. Even though you haven't talked
with her about the incident, you have always felt that Van Halen had
mishandled the situation. And you're sure that Boston's incompetant Director,
Williams, was somehow involved. You wrap up a couple things in your code
editor and roll back from your desk. The reduced gravity on Mars makes it way
too easy to push your desk chair all the way across the room but with an
amused smile you manage to control yourself.

One year after landfall Bon Jovi erected a tall observation tower. The base of
the tower is the ever popular recreation center and the tower itself extends
three hundred feet above the planet's surface. An elevator runs to the top
where there is a small twenty-five hour cafe and a 360 degree view of rust
colored rocks and rust colored dust. At first this was a very popular place
but the novelty wore off quickly. The unchanging scenary, red rocks as far as
anyone could see, wasn't enough to keep people excited. Now the Barsoom Lounge
is usually occupied by small groups of people looking for some quiet, private
space.

You arrive at the lounge and find a small table near the window with plenty of
space between you and a group of three nerdy looking guys that look like they
are playing some sort of collectable card game. You dial Goliss' number on
your phone and wait for her to answer.

"Hello," she answers on the first ring. "Thanks so much for calling me back."
She sounds a little urgent and worked up. She continues without waiting for
you to reply. "What do you know about what happened a few years ago with
Boston?"

"Well," you reply slowly. You're pretty sure that you don't know the whole
story but you also think something wasn't done right. "I only know that after
the crash, Van Halen did an investigation. The Boston Director, Williams,
provided the data for their investigation and they found that you were at
fault. So they demoted you from Bon Jovi and sent you to Survivor. To be
honest, I didn't think it was fair."

Goliss sputters on the phone. "Fair! Of course it wasn't fair. That scum
Williams, he faked the data. I know it. But I couldn't prove it. And he just
did it to save his own skin. He was, actually still is, an incompetant
fool. But now I have something." Her tone turns more conspiratorial. "I can
prove that Williams' incompetance is still in full swing. I want to get him
out of there! This is where I need your help."

You get a twinge of excitement. You always did like Goliss and if you can do
something to help her -- well, sounds like a good idea.

"Ok. What is it? How can I help?"

"Have you seen the production reports from Boston over the last couple of
years?"

"Yeah. Kind of. I'm not so interested in that stuff, really. So I have only
barely paid attention."

"Well, they are fake. I'm sure of it. I got my hands on a big chunk of raw
data from the last three years. Over 300,000 data entries and when I started
sifting through the data, it wasn't matching the official Boston reports. I
think I can prove that they are falling way behind in water and mineral
production from their mines. It will take me months to look through the data
manually so I was hoping you could write a small program to do this
automatically."

"Uh. Sure. That seems possible."

"Ok good. I'll email the data file over to you. Along with an explanation and
example of the report I need." The ex-director sounds excited and
energized. "I can't tell you how this makes me feel. Finally I'm going to be
able to get that reprehensible Williams to face the music. I'll send the files
right away. Ok?"

"Ok. That sounds good. I'll get right on it. Should be just a couple of days."

"Thanks," she replies. "I really appreciate it." She cuts the line. 

